feat: sept 30 mainnet batch (#235)
hyperlane-xyz/hyperlane-registry: .changeset/nice-dingos-grin.md

---
'@hyperlane-xyz/registry': minor
---

> Deploy to immutablezkevm rari rootstock alephzeroevm chiliz lumia superposition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add deployments for chains: immutablezkevm, rari, rootstock, alephzeroevm, chiliz, lumia, and superposition
```

Author: nice I'm going to add this as a template to the runbook
